Using performance based logistics strategies,
also known as PBL strategies,
the supply chain is general optimized
for particular item categories.
PBL uses a designated product support integrator, or PSI,
that integrates all sources of support
defined with the scope of PBL agreements
to achieve the documented outcomes.
In other words, the supply chain becomes more efficient
and customizable, creating an environment
for great customer service.
The concept of tailored customer focused supply chains
should be a key element of future product support
and PBL strategies.
Remember, customer service drives the supply chains.